Note: All things put in this page are my opinion and is licensed under the GNU Verbatim Copying And Distribution license

Okay so I wanted to explain something that I get asked about a lot, or people assume about me, I am not a DDLGer, i'm an age regressor, so i thought id take the time to explain the differences between the two, as well as some other things which are also similar.

## What is DDLG?
DDLG is a BDSM dynamic in which one person (in the case of DDLG the female) dresses up like a baby/toddler/infant, and the guy takes a kind of parental role, however this is sexual, its actually a part of the Dom/Sub dynamics, so the little and the daddy have sex. If you are thinking that sounds a bit fishy, bear with me, ill cover what I think of it a little bit after I explain some things first. Anyway this involves Onesies, pacifiers, diapers (most of the time).. And sometimes butt plugs, vibrators, rope, cuffs etc.

There are also other dynamics that follow the same concept, that involve different people in the different roles. Threes the one everyone thinks of which is DDLG, there's also MDLG (Mummy Dom Little Girl), DDLB (Daddy Dom, Little Boy (yes guys can be subs too, believe it or not)), and MDLB (Mummy Dom Little Boy), and then there's the umbrella term, called CGL, which stands for Caregiver/Little, which is a more inclusive term for all the types of caregivers, and little's (within the dynamic anyway).

## What is ABDL?

ABDL is a slightly different thing, it for most part is in fact non-sexual, and if it is, it usually for wildly different reason to CGL, basally ABDL stands for Adult Baby/Diaper Lover, this is actually closer to the roots of age regression for most, and is normally what people think of when they think of adults wearing diapers. This is more of a lifestyle then a dynamic, AB's are distinctly different from DL's however, though they can also be both, basically DL's might be sexual about there lifestyle, however this would normally be down to one of a few things, or a few of them, people like how crinkly they are, some people like the fact that there soft, people like how warm they get when wet, maybe the cold wipes (cold around guys lower half, is known to increase hormone levels meaning its more likely for a guy to get a boner, during a diaper change, even if its not intentional) etc. AB's tend to more like age regressors, with maybe a little bit of sexuality in there, but not in the same way CG/L is sexual, its more like how DL's are sexual.

## What is AgeRe?
AgeRe or Age Regression is a lifestyle, which is kinda like a middle ground between non-sexual ABDL's and CG/L, in which a person will want to go to a time where mentally and physically life was easier, more manageable, and in some way better. Generally people regress, due to stress, or depression etc., and use it as a way to cope with whatever is going on in there life, like smoking a bowl does (I do know a lot of age regressors who smoke weed also), it is based around the concept of someone mental age, unlike CG/L it is innocent, because children do not have sexual thoughts (unless there like 12-13 but there are very few age regressors who regress to that time, because that's when life started to get stressful for most). This life style can include Diapers/pull ups (and possibly wetting/messing them or your underwear, depending on how close you are to the ABDL side of the scale), pacifiers, bottles/sippy cups (depending on the persons mental at that point in time), teddy bears, blankets and such. The key difference between AgeRe and CGL is that AgeRe is everything that CGL tries to be, but isn't AgeRe, is designed to be safe for work, and just all round safe, DDLG is a BDSM dynamic it is designed to sexual like all BDSM related activities. The main difference between AgeRe and ABDL, is that AgeRe focuses more on being in a safer mind set, by being cared for, which can also happen in ABDL too, but in ABDL its primary focus is on diapers.

## Cglre is that cgl?
No it is not, cgl/agere is a much more innocent variant of the CG/L dynamic however it should be noted that despite it sounding similar it is not in any way related to CG/L the BDSM community knows, this is to do with a partner or friend take up a kind of parental role over the regressor, as to look after them for the time in which someone is regressed. 

## What are littles?

Okay so the littles idea varieys depending on the dynamic/lifestyle in CGL it is the Submissive person in the relationship, in AgeRe it's a term used to express people who regress, in ABDL it's pretty much the same as in AgeRe, except that littles tend to be called "babs" or babies, for the fact that they are probably in a diaper, and diapers are babyish. These different meanings of little are generally incompatible with each other fully due to the differences in goals from each party.

# So you're a little? Which one?
You would be partly correct in thinking I'm a little, I am an Age Regressor, or a cglre/agerer, however I also have parts of ABDL in me, because I'm incontinent, its common for people who are constantly diaper bound to be in the ABDL scene, because it helps with depression etc as other people around you also wear diapers also possibly for medical reasons.

# The concern with CG/L
So I'm not judging you here, but if your in CG/L you are in some form participating in paedophilia, not as an immediate thing, however having sex with someone while they act like a child, and are dressed like one will create neurological connections between sex, and people that are childish, which increases your chances of having sexual thoughts about children (because children are childish).

# Are these bad?

Well no, none of them are bad, however I do have the concern mentioned above about CG/Lers however if you keep yourself in check, and if you ever experience sexual thoughts about children, please go to a paedophile support group, for your own sake, and for the sake of others around you, I'm not one to judge but sexual thoughts about vulnerable people such as children, can damage peoples lives beyond repair, so before you go do something you regret, seek help, there are plenty of support groups that help people overcome paedophilia on both the clear net and on TOR (I'd be careful on TOR and would generally only ask on the clear net, but if it makes you feel more comfortable, join while using TOR, and a VPN. Other then that, I see no problem with it as long it isn't forced upon anyone (yes I'm talking to you ABDL's that like to mess yourself in public, you can do that, but I wouldn't if there's people around, as it forces people into your area). Also it should be noted that while I do not actively support TBDL, I have no problem with it, as long as its non sexual and innocent, or at least people don't know about it, sexuality in teens is looked down upon to protect you, from yourself, if you go exploring too far you will see stuff you do not want to see, so this is to protect you, also teens are not consenting adults, so do not meet adults from this scene, as some are sexual, and there is a slim chance that they could be looking for underage people, (see the top of this paragraph again for how it could have came to be, and why etc.), however I see no issue with casually talking to adults, about things, however just know when it's too much for you, be responsible and stop talking, or block, them, and move on with your day. AgeRe is completely innocent, and is okay anywhere, however it does get confused with CGL a lot, so might be best to be done in private.


# how do I tell which, one someone is?
you don't generally, well you can, however chances are your guess will be wrong, so just ask them, if your friend tells you they like wearing diapers ask them why, likewise if you yourself like diapers, ask yourself why you like them, and know that no reasons are wrong you just have to understand what everything means to you. If you see a stranger with a poofy butt do not assume that they are in any life style or dynamic, they could just wear diapers for medical reasons, or they might be ABDL's but don't want it to be public (which is a actually a pretty good idea).

Note that just because you try the little life style in one lifestyle, or way, it does not mean you bound to it eternally, I used to think I was a DDLGer before it was like eh nope.

If you or a friend are any one of these things, or perhaps a family member, please support them, like you would with anything else, depending on how comfortable you are with it, particularly if they are more ABDL/AgeRe maybe helping them with a diaper/pull up change, this can help your loved one feel more valued, and more accepted for who they are, or if that's out of your comfort zone, just be supportive of them :) If that person happens to be you, just know self love is a very powerful thing, so love yourself, and life will be better. If you want to know more about your friends/family members views on topics like what they do when regressed/ in little space/ being a bab, they know themselves best. Also if it's not out of your comfort zone, another way you can try to understand what the loved one is saying you can try Age Regression/ABDL/CGL (to an extent, I wouldn't go looking for partners to try this with you honestly, try to stick to sites like fet life for this) for yourself. 


